1. What are the advantages and disadvantages of each of the two scheduling policies? Also, give the advantages and disadvantages of the round robin scheduling policy originally implemented in Xinu.

-Advantages of exponential distribution scheduler:
	1. Starvation problem is solved because everytime a process is scheduled based on random value generated
		which prevents any one process from taking cpu time and by probability every process has chance to 
		get scheduled.
	2. The value of lambda can be changed according to required distribution.
	3. Every process if scheduled gets equal time so that there is no paritality.
	
-Disadvantages of exponential distribution scheduler:
	1. Although it solves the starvation problem by adding the degree of randomness, the scheduler does not
		guarantee that the process will get cpu time.
	2. Higher priority processes have less chance to get scheduled as the probability of higher value getting
		generated is lower than probability of lower value getting generated in case of lambda chosen.
	3. The behaviour of scheduler is not predictable.
	
-Advantages of Linux like scheduler:
	1. Every runnable processes is guarnteed to get cpu time as scheduler is designed to run every process within 
		an epoch.
	2. Adding goodness in selecting next process policy ensures that processes with higher priority get higher CPU
		time and once the process uses its quantum it other processes are scheduled. This also solves starvation problem.
	3. The behaviour of schedular is predictable.
	4. Unused quantum from previous epoch is also considered which incresess degree of fariness.
	
-Disadvantages of Linux like scheduler:
	1. The algorithm is little complex and involves computing of goodness value for every process along with computation of 
		quantum for every process which is not free which results in little exra overhead which reduces efficiency.
	2. There is no preemption and so if the quantum value assigned is high at start of epoch other processes will have to 
		stall for that amount of period. Also new processes only gets scheduled in new epoch. this may lead to decreased 
		responsiveness to real time processes which are added later to ready queue and earlier epoch is running.

-Advantages of default Round robin policy in XINU:
	1. Higher priority processes are scheduled first which preserves the importance of priority.
	2. Lower quantum value will ensure high response time to each process with higher priority.
	3. Processes haveing same priority are treated equally.
	4. Very easy to implement and thus has less overhead.
	
-Disadvantages of default Round robin policy in XINU:
	1. Lower priotity processes will starve if higher priority processes keep on adding to the ready queue.
	2. If the QUANTUM value is small there will be more context switches which will reduce CPU efficiency.

	

2.Describe the way each of the schedulers affects the NULL process.

- Effect of default scheduling policy on NULL processs:
	In default scheduling policy NULL process will not get scheduled unless it is the only process in the ready queue.
	This is because NULL process has 0 priority.

- Effect of Exponential distribution scheduler on NULL process:
	As the lowest random value generated is 0 but the scheduler always picks the process with priority greater than 
	random value generated, this will result in scheduling the NULL process only when there is no other process in 
	the ready queue.
	
- Effect of Linux like scheduler on NULL process:
	Goodness value of NULL process will always be 0 as NULL process has 0 priority so it will always be the last process
	to get scheduled in the epoch and as the priority is zero its quantum will always be zero so it will effectively never
	run but only attempt to get run.
